TOTP-Auth
=========
TOTP-Auth is a command-line tool for generating [rfc6238] TOTP tokens for
accounts protected by two-factor authentication, storing secret keys using the
native system keyring service.

[TOTP] is used by many services to add a second auth factor, and many GUI
applications exist for this, such as the Google, LastPass, and Microsoft
Authenticator mobile apps, or browser apps such as Authy and GAuth. TOTP-Auth
aims to provide a command-line equivalent to these GUI apps that is portable,
and compatible with Mac, Linux, and Windows workstations.

Shared keys for each account are stored and accessed using [keyring] lib which
has support for macOS Keychain, Windows Credential Locker, GNOME Keyring, and
KDE KWallet.

[rfc6238]: http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6238
[TOTP]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time-based_One-time_Password_algorithm
[keyring]: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/keyring

Adding Accounts
---------------
Every account protected by TOTP uses a shared secret key that is usually
generated by the service provider, and often displayed to the user as a QR code
that can scanned by an app such as Google Authenticator. The generating site
should also provide a link or other mechanism for seeing the text version of
this secret.

To add an account:

    totp -a ACCOUNT_NAME

You will then be prompted for the shared secret key. You can name the account
whatever you wish, such as an email address, service name, some combination
thereof, or anything that lets you remember the account to use the TOTP for.

Generating TOTPs
----------------
To generate the currently valid TOTP (sometimes called a token) for an account:

    totp ACCOUNT_NAME

The TOTP will be displayed and copied to the clipboard.

Requirements
------------
* Python 2.7 or Python 3.x
* Modules from Pip: keyring, onetimepass, pyperclip

License
-------
TOTP-Auth is distributed under the [ISC license](LICENSE.txt).

Copyright (c) 2018 Tim Wilfong
